(UOU) Who's there?!
[grunt]
[grunts]
Let's go!
[heavy breathing]
Ahhh! [grunt]
[grunts]
Water Style: Syrup Trap!
[spitting]
The hell is that--?!
[pained grunts]
Wind Scythe!
Come on!
Huh? Whoa!
[pained grunt]
[exhale] Damn you!
[gasp and pained groans]
(MAN B) I'll leave it to you,
then...
(MAN C) Okay.
Sir!
Ah!
The status?
It appears two chunin guards
were attacked, and they're both
in a coma now.
(SAI) Hm. And the assailant?
We're still in the middle of
our investigation, but we
haven't found anything yet.
I see... Well, thank you.
[gasp]
(SARADA) I wonder why Mitsuki's
not here yet...
He's probably still crashed
out over at his house.
Oh? And how would you know that?
We're both totally in synch
with each other!
I know everything there is to
know about Mitsuki, ya know?
Is that so?
[yawn]
But still...
I wish Big Brother Konohamaru
would have told us yesterday...
that our mission today was
cancelled.
He said something really urgent
came up.
Well, if there isn't a mission
for us to go on, let's go and
tell Mitsuki in person!
Uh....
What?
Yeah... so, uh, where's his
house again?
[exasperated sigh] Really,
Boruto? So how are you two
"totally in synch?"
'Cause Mitsuki and I are so
close...
we don't even need to know stuff
like where the other one lives,
ya know?
[exasperated sigh] Wait. Um... I
think it's...
Hey, Mitsuki! You in there?
Maybe he went out...
You think someone might have
told him already and he just
took off?
And not come to our meeting spot
first? Boy, I really doubt it.
Uh...
It's open!
Hey... Hey!
Hmmm...
It doesn't seem like he's here.
I hate to say this... but his
place is kinda depressing...
Hmmm...
So this is where Mitsuki lives,
huh?
Did you know Boruto?
No... I mean, I heard he
lived alone, but...
[chattering]
Come to think of it, we never
heard him talk very much about
his parents...
...or about what his life was
like in his home village, did
we?
Yeah. Even though we were
together all the time.
Hmmm...
[chattering]
No, actually we haven't seen him
in a while.
Oh man.
Yeah we've all been really busy
helping with the Five Kage
Summit.
Do either of you know any places
where Mitsuki might, I don't
know, hang out?
Hmmm...
Wait, why don't you know that,
Boruto?
What?
You two guys are always
together. Isn't that something
you'd know better than us?
Hey!
Well, I guess you can be close
and still be mostly in the dark
about that sort of stuff.
(SARADA) We didn't find him
either!
I'm also picking up a super
nervous vibe.
I think that it'd be best if all
of us went home soon.
Oh? Just what do you mean?
They told all the jonin they're
supposed to assemble in the
Hokage's Office.
If that's the case...
then it's no wonder that all the
team missions were suddenly
cancelled...
I guess it's nice for us to get
a little break...
but the jonin wouldn't have been
called up without a reason,
right?
I tried asking Moegi Sensei what
was going on, but all that she
did was brush me off.
I don't like the sound of this.
Dad and the others... They're
hiding something.
Oh... I just remembered...
Hey!
Hold on! [groan]
This whole thing's turning into
a real drag...
Mitsuki's gone missing?!
What's going on?
Did something happen? We heard
about how all of the jonin were
ordered to assemble.
No, it's just a meeting to go
over the Five Kage Summit.
Back to Mitsuki... You haven't
heard anything? We can't find
him anywhere, ya know!
Well, you know how Mitsuki is.
It's probably nothing,
So what, you aren't worried at
all, Big Brother?
I'm sorry, but I've got to go
right now.
Try to stay out of trouble,
okay?
You catch that?
Sure did. It seems Big
Brother Konohamaru is hiding
something, too.
Huh? Who's there?!
Hm? Huh...
[chattering]
Just a little bit farther...
Shhh!
Most of the troops are already
on the move.
So if it turns out to have been
an attack,
the Police Force won't be able
to handle it alone.
They said, "an attack." What are
they talking about?
I'm still just as confused.
It appears that the medical
condition of the other chunin
has been stabilized.
I see... Well, I'm glad there's
at least some good news...
However... this is still a
direct provocation against the
Village.
It's been a while since that
happened.
Is it possible that we could be
dealing with the Otsutsuki?
If that were the case, then I'm
sure Sasuke would've already
contacted us about it.
These days... the Five Kage are
all cooperating.
But we haven't heard about any
unusual occurrences in the other
villages.
Hm...
Could this have been terrorists
or rebels?
We're continuing to investigate,
but without interrogating the
attackers...
it's difficult to
draw any conclusions.
Since they only attacked the
guards at the gate...
there's no real way to ascertain
their true motives.
[gasp]
Who's there?!
[gasps]
I return from a long trip, and
this is what I come back to,
Naruto?
(NARUTO) Granny Tsunade!
Lady Tsunade, the Fifth Hokage!
Eh..! Ehhhh....
What's wrong?
She always used to scold me when
I was a kid! Eh...!
And she's seriously scary when
she snaps! Ehhhh....!
Oh, man, what did you do back
then?!
Lady Tsunade! When did you get
back into the Village?
Never mind all that. I heard
that a couple Leaf Shinobi were
attacked.
Yeah. Before dawn today. Someone
took down the chunin guards at
the gate.
Naturally, I assume you're
investigating the situation?
[exhale and groan]
What's going on, here?!
Well, you see...
This was found at the site.
Hmmm... Is it one of the
chunin's?
No. I wanted to confirm
something... that's why I
asked Konohamaru to be here.
Hm... This is... This is
Mitsuki's.
Mitsuki's?!
He's connected to the attack
somehow?!
As I thought... And no one's
seen him since this morning.
Boruto said the same thing...
Were the attackers after
Mitsuki, then?
Seems like there was a good
chance of that.
Considering who he is, it
wouldn't be strange for him to
be targeted.
Mitsuki? Who might that be?
That's right... I forgot; I
haven't told you about that yet,
Granny Tsunade... Hm?
We're ready to start the
procedure.
We'll have to explain
everything to her later, if
that's alright.
Let's get to the
medical department.
Ino's going to use her jutsu
now.
She'll check the memories
of one of the chunin who was
attacked.
It's because of the seriousness
of this situation, that we asked
you two advisors to sit in.
We'd like your input in order to
decide how to proceed.
To think you'd call the two of
us in...
What's going on?
Okay Ino... We leave it to you.
Right!
So this is really gonna help
uncover who took Mitsuki...?
Considering the extent of their
injuries, it'd be dangerous to
dig too deep.
There's a hard limit. We can
only take a look at right before
he lost consciousness.
Right. Well, that's fine. We
should still be able to discover
what happened.
Uh-huh.
I've found it... I see images of
the incident.
[pained grunts and groans]
(MITSUKI) Let's get out of here
now.
[pained groans]
Mit...suki... [pained groans]
It can't be! No way...!
And then he ran toward the
setting moon. That's the
point when the memory cuts off.
And you're sure? Absolutely
sure?
Yes.. I'm quite certain that he
wasn't taken.
He left on his own...
Is it a possibility that someone
was using a Transformation
Jutsu?
I suppose so, but for what
purpose?
It seems as long as we
don't know where he is...
we have to assume that it was
indeed Mitsuki.
This entire thing's turning into
a serious drag.
What's up with all that?!
It's gotta be a mistake, ya
know?!
It's clear that if this
"Mitsuki" person is connected to
the assailants...
then we can't
just let him go.
Yeah... I know that.
Now, just hold on a minute...
Isn't it a little premature to
assume the only conclusion
is that Mitsuki's a traitor?
I mean... he's not someone who'd
do something like this for no
reason.
I say that first we contact his
guardian. I believe that he's
from the Hidden Sound Village.
From the Hidden Sound?!
We can contact him immediately.
We just have to tell his
"observer."
You mean that they've been under
observation even before this
incident, then?
Naruto! What exactly are you
hiding?
What's the meaning of this, Lord
Seventh?
Konohamaru...
Mitsuki...
...is Orochimaru's son.
[gasps]
Just what do you think you're up
to, Naruto?!
In the past, Orochimaru caused
the Hidden Leaf irreparable
harm!
You witnessed that with your
very own eyes!
I know... there's no way I'd
ever forget that...
However, I accepted Mitsuki as a
fellow shinobi.
But-
(NARUTO) Besides--!
Orochimaru doesn't have any
reason to make a move against us
right now.
That may be so, but his moves
aren't always so rational.
That's true...
but the data from Orochimaru's
research will be critical to the
whole Ninja World...
...especially when it's time to
fight the Otsutsuki.
That's the reasoning for all of
this.
Alright, then what about
Mitsuki? Do you intend to just
let him go?
In any event, it should be quite
clear by now...
...Orochimaru's son is a danger
to the Leaf, perhaps just as
great a danger as his father.
He's the son of the shinobi who
killed the Third Hokage, after
all.
Isn't it common sense to think
he's dangerous to the Leaf, too?
(BORUTO) Mitsuki isn't like
that!
If we can't count on Dad and the
others, we'll just have to do
something ourselves!
I really don't understand it...
Understand what?
All those memories Ino saw! They
couldn't have been lies or
illusions.
You heard Big Brother
Konohamaru!
Mitsuki's not someone who'd do
something like this without a
reason.
Yeah, but we really didn't know
all that much about Mitsuki at
all, did we?
That's not true!
I mean, we... didn't even know
anything about Mitsuki's parent,
ya know...?
You mean that Orochimaru guy?
I actually met him this one
time, but... He was doing all
this really weird research...
He felt like someone to stay
away from...
What's that got to do with all
this? Mitsuki's still Mitsuki!
Yeah but, when he heard that
Mitsuki's father was Orochimaru,
Konohamaru Sensei was
really shocked.
The others said he was
dangerous, too.
You must know deep down in your
heart, right? Don't you?
That there's still a whole lot
that we don't know about
Mitsuki.
But... Mitsuki's still our
friend, isn't he?
So if we don't have faith in him
now...
...then who else will?!
I want to trust Mitsuki, too,
Boruto...
Well then--!
But still!
You and I are both shinobi,
right?
We have to set aside our
emotions...
and analyze every single
possibility there could be.
Even if it's a friend who-
Who betrayed us? Is that it?
Do what you want.
[gasp] Hey, wait!
You can't just leave! We're not
done talking!
Hey, Sarada...
What?
The Hokage you say you
wanna become...
...is it just a shinobi with
amazing skills?
I thought that you out of
everybody...
would give Mitsuki the benefit
of the doubt until the end.
[gasp]
Later.
[chattering]
(SHIKADAI) I heard about
Mitsuki.
Hm..?
Shikadai!
The Village was just put on
maximum security emergency
alert. It's temporary, but...
...anyone leaving without
authorization will be treated as
a deserter.
So Mitsuki's...?
An official tracking team is
going to be formed to go after
him.
In the worst case as a criminal.
[gasp]
Why does everyone distrust
him?!
Hey!
Don't do anything stupid, okay?
I'll behave; I'm just tired. A
lot's happened today, ya know?
Mitsuki, where'd you go man?
[gasp]
Hey, that's Mitsuki's-!
What's going on?!
[gasp]
No way! I won't let you have it!
[heavy breathing and grunts]
What was that?
(MITSUKI) Boruto!
Huh?!
(MITSUKI) Boruto... This is...
Hmmm...
(MITSUKI) This is...
...my...
...will.
It's what? "My will?!"
What the hell is going on?!
Mm! Sarada.
Hey, is that...?
Huh?
I got a message from Mitsuki.
[gasp] Yeah? And?
It said, "This is my will."
That's all.
So, wait... does that mean he
left the village of his own free
will?
Maybe. But there's no way to
know that for sure by just
staying here.
The way things are now, there's
no way...
...I just don't understand why
he left.
Even though we were always
together, I didn't really
understand him at all.
I didn't get that till he was
gone...
Yeah, you're right.
That's why I wanna see him
again. So that I...
...can confirm what Mitsuki's
will is.
[gasp]
If you leave the village, then
this time...
you're going to be the one
who's hunted by your friends.
You get that?
Yeah... but I've decided.
I trust Mitsuki. Right now,
that's what my will is.
[sigh]
Let's take that snake to
Orochimaru's lab.
Uh..!
We can probably find out more
information there.
[chuckle] Until we find out just
what Mitsuki's thinking, I'm
gonna keep you company.
What, really? You okay with
that? You're gonna be pursued,
too!
Eh...!
You and Mitsuki aren't the only
members of Team 7, remember?!
I wanna know what Mitsuki's will
is, too!
Sarada...
Besides...
...if I just leave everything
up to you, who knows what kind
of trouble you'll end up in?
Oh, shut up!
(BORUTO) Hey, about Mitsuki's
snake...
Will we really find out more
just by asking this Orochimaru
guy?
(SARADA) Probably.
I have a feeling that asking him
about the snake will be the
quickest route.
(BORUTO) Alright! Then as soon
as we learn something, we're
gonna go and look for Mitsuki!
(SARADA) But Orochimaru conducts
some really questionable
research...
(BORUTO) Next time on Boruto
Naruto Next Generations: "The
Other Side of the Moon."
Wait for us, Mitsuki!